group number:   80
student name:   Ziyang Jin
student cs id:  f4a0b
student number: 34893140

== Assessment of the group's final achievement ==

a) Did you fall short of expectations?
  No. We completed our project with good pace and reasonable but limited 
amout of time. The final product is a fully functional application that has 
3 roles and supports about 30 different queries. The application is small 
but meets the fundamental needs of the project.

b) Did you exceed your initial predictions?
  Yes. In the beginning, I did not expect that using SWING can make a pretty
 app, however, we managed to adopt some 3rd party SWING extension that gives
 us really nice date picker and other GUI's that goes beyond the original 
SWING provided in standard JDK. We also eneded up with more queries to fit
the needs of different roles than we originally designed.

c) How well did you work together?
  Working with my teammates, Amanda, Joyal, and Shirley is one of the most 
successful project experience among my CS courses. We meet together very
frequently and exchanges our thoughts and update others with new discoveries
, and sometimes we fix each other's bugs. It was fun working with my kind
and hardworking teammates.

d) What areas could have been improved?
  The amount of sample data we put in the database is far from reality, and
the quantity of data could be larger to fully exploit the power of database.
The database design is also simplified to reduce our work on writing too
complicated queries that go beyond the scope of the course. If we were given
more time and we had more knowledge, we could implment better business logic
for our application and have some really complicated constraints.

e) Were group roles and responsibilities clearly defined?
  Yes. Amanda works mainly on the adminitrator panel, Joyal works mainly on
host panel and explores technologies in making more interactive GUI, Shirley
mainly works on the traveler panel. I mainly works on the database design,
SQL queries, and JDBC implementation. However, the project is consistent
and viewed as whole so we ended up work together and know each other's code
quite well.

== Individual assesment ==

a) What were your contributions in terms of code, design, group moral, etc?
  I implemented most of the JDBC queries, and all the SQL DDL's to create tables and inserted the sample data. I simplified the database design and 
wrote the most complicated queries, such as division query. During group 
meeting, I carefully consider other member's idea and validate them. 

b) Specifically, what did you do for the group and for yourself?
  For the group, I wrote the SQL DDL in 80_project_final_sql.sql and also 
the sample queries in 80_project_final_sample_queries.sql. I implemented 
most of the SQLUtil Java class; I wrote the PersistenceLayer Java class. I 
fixed some bugs in App.java to make the application robust.

c) What aspects, if any, or your effort and work are you most proud of?
  The work I am most proud of is the design of sample queries that meet
the specification and suit the application. I deisgned 2 views to simplify
the frequent queries. 

d) What aspects, if any, are most in need of improvement?
  We need better designs of the system structure; currently all the front-
end code are set in the file App.java so we had to resolve a lot of merge
conflicts. Also, the exception handle mechanism is not carefully designed
so the backend SQL exception cannot communicate efficiently with the front-
end user interface.

e) What do you think your fellow team members will say about your achieve-
ments and efforts?
  My team members will recognize my substantial contributions for database
design as well as backend implementation. They also found a few bugs during
test but I fixed them in time. I also helped them will git and overall pace
control of development.

== Assessment of Teammates ==

For each group member, evaluate performance, effort, accomplishments on 
a scale of 1 - 5 where 1 is "met them once, I think, they weren't around"
and 5 is "captain, CEO, chief-architect, cheer-leader, all-round good person
and the project would have been significantly less without them."

student# name               score
23323141 Jiayi (Amanda) Bao 5
20724143 Sheng (Shirley) Di 5
34893140 Ziyang Jin         5
10953157 Zi Wen (Joyal) Li  5

Amanda: She has made substantial contribution to the admin panel. She design
ed the entire GUI for the admin panel and worked closely with me on logic of
admin panel. The project cannot be completed without her!

Shirley: She has made substantial contribution to the traveler panel of our
application, and she designed the entire GUI of the traveler panel; also, 
she worked closely with me on the logic of the traveler functions. The proj-
ect could not completed without her!

Joyal: He has made great contributions to the overall of the frontend GUI
design. He created the methods for dynamically fill in the table with the 
given ResultSet. Joyal also helped me with JDBC and fixed some bugs on our 
application. He has written the most number of lines in the project.

Ziyang: I have lead the discussion of the group and spent a lot of time
working on designing and re-designing the database. I implemented the JDBC
part of the project, writing up all the queries and test them. My teammates
trust me and love the JDBC API I provided.

== Assessment of the project ==

a) Roughly how much time did you spend on the project?
  I have spent over 35 hours on the project. I spent 20+ hours coding the 
database and the java code. I spent about 5 hours re-design and simplify 
our database and more than 10 hours in meeting and help other team members 
with bugs and merge issues.

b) What did you like the best about the project?
  The best part of the project is to work with my amazing teammates. They
are hardworking, creative, and very helpful. We had great fun in every 
project meeting.

c) What did you like the least about the project?
  The worst part is solving merge conflicts. We put all the front-end code
in a single file called App.java, so it really messed up every time we 
merge our code. After the merge, there are always some minor bugs here and
there.

d) What helped you learn the best in the project?
  I looked at the JDBC tutorials on Youtube and setted up the connection, 
from "Telusko Learnings". With the help of these video tutorials, I am able
to set up the connection to the Oracle database within 3 hours and make 
the very first steps of our project.

e) If you could change the way that the project was organized, what would 
you change?
  I hope the phases can be more detailed. Separated them to be database 
design -> JDBC code implementation -> frontend deisgn -> frontend implement-ation, so that we can be more organied and the pace will be more controlled.





